(THEME SONG PLAYING)
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
♪ Wander! Wander!
Over! Over! ♪
♪ Yonder! Yonder!
Wander! Yonder! ♪
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
(LORD HATER LAUGHS)
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
♪ Wander! Wander!
Over! Over! ♪
♪ Yonder! Yonder!
Wander! Yonder! ♪
♪ Yip bi di dit bip bi-ee-i-di-dit
Wander Over Yonder! ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do-do ♪
The Ring of Invincibility shall be mine!
(KRAGTHAR GETS BLASTED OFF)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(LASER SHOTS FLYING ACROSS)
(HUGE EXPLOSION)
This wasn't exactly part of my plan.
Your plan? What do you mean, your plan?
Well...
There's a Fall Flower Fling atop the
Alkaloid Trapezoid Station. Pass it on!
There's a tall shower thing in Vince and
Lilly's shop on the
android planetoid for Dalmatians.
Pass it on.
(WHISPERING)
(WHISPERS)
There's an all-powerful Ring
of Invincibility
at the top of the Blastroid
Asteroid Formation?
Set a course. With that ring, I shall
be unstoppable!
Perfect!
Wait, I'm confused.
How did you even know there was a ring
of invincibility here?
-I put it there.
-What? Where did you find a...?
Well...
Ahem, excuse me, kind sir,
which of these candy rings is the most
romantic?
Okay, so you planted an "ultimate weapon
of power,"
and then you told everyone in the galaxy
about it,
and you didn't expect every villain
in the galaxy to come and claim it?
Uh-uh. I was just hoping for Hater
and Dominator.
But why?
If Hater's gonna ask Dominator to get
married, he's gonna need a ring.
What?
(SQUEALING) Well...
(DOMINATOR SCREAMS AND LAUGHS)
DOMINATOR: That's right!
Dominator's greater! Best villain!
Oh ah! Oh ah!
That's right, oh, yeah.
Oh, one of these, one of these.
And a one, two, three, ah...
Lady?
(WEDDING MUSIC PLAYS)
(SIGHS) You've really got to start
filling me in on these plans.
Hater's always talking about how he wants
a girlfriend.
So I devised a perfect set-up to get Hater
and Dominator to show up here.
They'll fall in love, that love will
cancel out
all their evil, and everything will be
great forever.
Or they become twice as evil and conquer
the galaxy together.
(EXPLOSION)
Nah!
Keep at it, sir! This is our chance! If we
get to that ring of
invincibility, then we can trounce these
chumps and finally reclaim the title of...
The greatest in the galaxy!
♪ Let's get awesome! ♪
EMPEROR AWESOME: Please.
Ha! Huh?
Later, nerds!
Shmashtag greatest in the galaxy,
shmashtag Awesome out!
(ZAP)
Oh, no! We gotta get Hater to the top!
Dominator's not even here yet!
(EXPLOSION)
Good! I don't think I can protect you
out there.
Sylvia, Sylvia, Sylvia...
They say love is a battlefield.
(SCREAMING) This is an actual battlefield!
Look, I get it. You want to help everybody
no matter how many times they try
to destroy us, it's like your thing,
But all this is beyond nuts!
Wander!
Quit hittin' yourself.
Quit hittin' yourself. Why are you
hittin' yourself?
Quit hittin' yourself. Quit
hittin' yourself.
-Hey, Hatey!
-Huh?
I'm gonna go get that ring
of invincibility
and use it to make everybody in the Galaxy
best fwiends! Betcha can't catch me!
Betcha can't catch me!
(ENRAGED) Wander!
Please, sir, we're so close, don't...
(LORD HATER SCREAMS)
...stop doin' what you're doin'!
Go, Sir, go!
(LORD HATER SCREAMS)
Don't worry, buddy, I'm comin'!
Not this time, zbornak.
You don't understand. The ring's a fake.
Enough tricks! It's go time.
(SCREAMS)
Grop darn it, we don't have time for...
Oh, who am I kiddin'?
-I've been so looking forward to this.
-(SYLVIA SCREAMS)
WANDER: Best meet-cute ever!
Hey hey! It's me! Heh... I did it,
So I'm gonna get this ring now and
I'm the greatest, or whatever?
OFF-SCREEN VILLAIN: Who are you?
Oh, uh... oh. Um... I'm the uh, the
terrible and super mean villain...
Something... The So-and-So... Um,
I'm really strong.
(STAMMERS) And I'm going to use this
ring to
uh, take over the Solar System? Or...
blow it up?
Or... or maybe just turn you guys into...
my minions? Or monkeys or something?
Shoot, I don't know. I really should've
put more thought into this, but it's late,
I... got this cape, so um...
AWESOME: Dude! Put down the ring and come
back when you're better prepared.
(STAMMERS) Yeah yeah... Sorry I'll just
put this back.
Yeah, sorry.
Uh, bye.
Get back here!
(SCREAMS)
That's it, just a couple more platforms
until happily ever after!
(SCREAMS)
Now, Lord Hater tremble before the might
of Kragthar!
Fat chance, Kragthar!
No, no, it's pronounced, "Krahgthahr."
That's what I said. Krgagathar.
Krahgthahr. Like, rahgthahr, but with a
K in front.
Oh, no! What else could go wrong?
SOURDOUGH: Oh, I don't know. How about...
-Evil Sandwich!
-♪ Evil Sandwich! ♪
Sourdough?
Thank you so much for distracting
Lord Hater.
With him out of the way, there'll be no
stopping me
from claiming the ring and becoming the
greatest in the galaxy!
-(EXPLOSION)
-♪ Evil Sandwich! ♪
I am sorry to have to do this,
but you leave me no choice.
What? No! No! No, you can't eat me!
You're a vegetarian!
I don't need to eat you to beat you.
(HIGH PITCHED VOICE) Picnic time!
SOURDOUGH: Help me! Help me, you buffoons!
SOURDOUGH: Over here. No, here, you
imbeciles! I'm the sandwich that's talking
I am real sorry about this, but
love is on the line.
Thank you for understanding.
Oh no, you don't, you furry orange freak!
Later, Kraiguhruhthuhruhr!
KRAGTHAR: It's Kragthar...
I am so sorry. I feel real bad about this,
but it's all in the name of love!
(LORD HATER SCREAMS)
(WHEEZING) Quickly, my robuts. Get them!
(HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYS)
Sorry, I'll make sure you get an extra
slice of cake at the wedding!
(LORD HATER SCREAMS)
(GASPS) I'm too old for this nonsense.
I need a nap.
(WHEEZES)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm trying to tell you, there's no ring of
invincibility! It's just a con!
PEEPERS: How do I know you saying it's a
con isn't a con?
I was ready to get off this stinkin' rock
and leave you jerks here to destroy
each other.
SYLVIA: But then he ran off without
thinking, even though I told him not to...
...and threw himself into a
dangerous situation
without any kind of plan or
exit strategy...
...and left me behind to save his...
...save his butt and clean up his mess!
Do you have any idea what it's like to
have a fool for friend?
Okay, so I kinda sorta helped Lord Hater
to beat a bunch of rival villains,
thus making him even more of a bad guy
than he already was.
But it'll all be worth it when he's
in love,
and reformed, and going antiquing on his
honeymoon, right?
(SCREAMING)
A banana peel?
Who would've left a...
Oh, no. Not Dr. Screwball Jones!
Ah, there you are! I was starting to miss
you a whole bunch!
(IN DEEP VOICE) Your senseless spree of
punish pandemonium is over before it began
I didn't want to do this, but I have to.
For love.
Oh, blast! I've been blasted!
(GROANING)
This situation is grave!
No time for gallows humor!
Uh, I should be deadly serious. Oh!
(SCREWBALL GROANING)
SCREWBALL: Oh, I hope I get a tomb with
a view.
Oh, doom with a view would also work...
Okay, come on now. That's enough.
(EXCITEDLY) She came! Whoo! Finally,
Operation Romance is go!
(DOMINATOR GIGGLING)
Oh, man. I can't believe all these idiots
are in the same place.
This'll be like shooting
dorks in a barrel.
Oh! But what'll I use to stop 'em?
It's gotta be perfect!
Blood scythe? Hammer hand? Oh!
Giant spinning buzz saw arms?
A zillion tiny spikes that shoot out a
zillion tiny poison darts
that make your tongue swell up and
you're all like,
"Ah, no! Betrayed by my own tongue!
Curse you, Dominator, curse you!"
Oh! Magma cannons! Classic! Yes!
(LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY)
Okay, calm down, D. Focus.
Game face. Game face.
It's go time!
(EVIL LAUGH)
(EXPLOSION)
Oh, no! If the Black Cube gets the ring
of invincibility,
he'll be unstoppable!
♪ I'm just a little black cube
of darkness ♪
♪ A little black cube of darkness ♪
I'm so cool.
She's coming, she's coming, she's coming,
she's coming! This is it!
Come on, Hatey!
Hatey? Oh, no, what have I done? You're
too wounded to woo!
Too harmed to charm!
Too pooped to propose!
Come on, buddy. Just one more platform and
I promise you'll
get what you want most in the universe!
Hey, Hater, I'm gonna tell everyone in the
galaxy how we're best friends!
Don't you want to stop me?
Let's go! Whoo!
Oh, it's no use. I guess Dominator'll just
take the ring of invincibility
and become the greatest in the galaxy.
Dominator? I hate that guy!
This is it! It's all happening! Oh, boy,
they're gonna love each other!
-Lord Dominator!
-Lord Hater!
(EXPLOSION)
Oh no, they're gonna kill each other!
Stop! Stop! New plan, new plan!
(SCREAMING)
(DOMINATOR LAUGHING)
LORD HATER: Get away from there! I call
dibs on the ring!
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING) Had... enough... zbornak?
I'm just gettin' started, you optic
nerd. Huh?
Must... stop their... fighting.
Must... give toast at... 30th...
wedding... anniversary...
Oh, no! Dominator's gonna kill him!
5-minute break? 5-minute break.
♪ Commander Peepers! And Sylvia! ♪
Stop it! There's got to be a better way!
You two have so much in common.
You both want to control the galaxy, you
both want to destroy each other,
You both like skulls. Let's use that as a
foundation and build from there.
I was totally holding back before,
but now you shall know the full
fury of Lord...
Ow! That's super burny!
Stop... being... so... cool!
Okay, new plan, if romance won't come to
the mountain,
then the mountain must become romantic.
(FRENCH ACCENT) Such a lovely couple
deserves ze beautiful flowers.
(ITALIAN ACCENT) Or a romantic-a
dinner. Mwah.
(EXPLOSION)
(PUNCHES)
Okay, maybe we're being too forward.
How about a low-stakes coffee date?
Ah! The cinnamon! It burns!
How can he stare longingly into your eyes
if he can't see your face?
LORD HATER: Yes! Nothing will keep me from
that ring, for I am Lord Hater...
Wander! Oh, thank Grop you're okay! I
thought something terrible happened.
Something terrible did happen.
This is less of a meet-cute and more of a
meet "Rah-Gah! I'm going to destroy you!"
Your heart's in the right place, buddy,
but if we don't bolt, the rest of you is
gonna be splattered all over the mountain!
But if Hater and Dominator don't
fall in love,
they'll never get married and invest in a
mid-size time-share on Ziziks!
-Eh, what?
-That's what I said.
(DOMINATOR LAUGHING)
LORD HATER: I am Lord Hater, the greatest
in the Galaxy!
-(PEEPERS SCREAMS)
-Let's get outta here!
No, this has got to work! I have a series
of ice breakers. "What's your
favorite time of day?" "What embarrassing
thing have you never told anybody?" Oh!
"What's your favorite type of chocolate?"
(LORD HATER LAUGHING)
(LOUD THUD)
(DOMINATOR LAUGHING DEVIOUSLY)
DOMINATOR: Kneel. Kneel before Dominator!
The greatest in the galaxy!
No, but they were supposed to and
now they...
And now she... And it didn't work?
I really thought with love in his life,
Hater would finally learn,
there's no point in being so angry
and evil all the time.
I'm sorry, buddy.
Love is a battlefield,
and sometimes you lose.
(VILLAINS CHANTING) Dominator's greater!
Best villain!
(EXPLOSION)
(LORD HATER SCREAMING)
(ALL GASP)
Lady?
Hi... You. Lady. I, so cool.
Pretty. Not hate. Like.
(DOMINATOR LAUGHING DEVIOUSLY)
Mm, blorpberry.
Sir? Sir? Sir?
WANDER: Well, at least I think he likes
her! We kinda sorta won! Whoo-hoo!
LORD HATER: Pretty... lady... soft...
smells nice...
lovely... not hate... pretty...
Sir? This is gonna be a whole thing,
isn't it?
(LORD HATER GIGGLING)